Coach Chen Zhanwang and Miss Qi went out to spy
Why hasn't there been any news yet?
Could something be wrong?
It's useless to rush
You sit down and wait for them to come back.
But
The opponent has two super-first-class experts fighting
Something happens easily.
Die in battle
Sooner or later for soldiers
If something bad happens to the corpse
Oops, your skills have recovered to almost a percent
Only 40% of the total victory period
It will take another week to fully recover
Wouldn't that be a last stand?
As long as it can be delayed for a while
I wouldn't choose to do it right away
Now I can only see a tie with Ouyang Tomb
It takes at least 70% to kill him
If I force my luck
A contradiction that requires a loss of at least 10 years no no no
This is too dangerous
Last Stand
The sword has to be struck on the string
If Ouyang Mu had a chance to breathe
He will definitely
rebel
Hey
It turns out that you are not without flaws
Liu Fan
Today is my chance to kill you
OK
Since Chen Tianjiao is not here
Then I'll kill him
OK
who
Wu Shuai meets again